AV TV this week were at the home of
former England international Jeff Thomas
back in the lads on pedal for pet rock
club masseurs Andy Smith an Alex Butler
ready and raring to go part of that
training for the big cycle ride we got a
feature on that they're heading out to
the Cotswolds trying to do 80 miles so a
big effort for them look out for a
feature on AV TV we also have a roundup
of the reserves so far in pre-season
nine goals scored against boldmere some
michael against worcester and chester as
well we also look forward to the
community shield between manchester city
and chelsea on Sunday Jonathan call the
wood preparing an immaculate green
carpet of the playing surface we have a
chat with Jonathan and then it's vat of
Raymond on Saturday live pictures you
can see the whole game exclusively on AV
TV from Germany kick off 5 p.m. English
time the final pre-season friendly at at
the 2012 2013 campaign under paul
lambert can't way if it's happening at
villa it's happening on AV TV well this
is the light finding the news about
stand with everyone was devastated and
just wanted to give something back and
do some of first and try and lift his
spirits so i thought about the cycle
going from celtic whereas a legend dance
of dancer villa park and then the
connection with Jeff come in obviously
with his what Jeff went through and skin
side twist on the tour de france and all
that so no better person to get in touch
with and he's been magnificent helping
us out organizing it in doing days like
today where we're trying to get some
training and get some fitness and stuff
so this is a great thing from pedal for
petrol from natomas they've been very
close you know since since I came here
we've been very close and it's great
what I doing for the first foot of the
community researching for me as well
it's going to be tough for them but
they've been they've been working really
hard they've been paddling hard they've
been training hat and you know I said to
them if if I going
mission you know yeah I can do a bit of
training I can do one of the stages with
them so see how everything goes so we'll
see how can turn up I mean part of why
we wanted to do it was obviously well
the main reason was just too obviously
chair stand up and show that you know we
wanted to do something for stanlon and
hopefully try and raise a little bit of
money on the way but to have the
outpouring not only from players out the
club or players that are played with
them in the past and obviously funds as
well it has been magnificent really and
especially you know when when fancy the
donations from from the boys it all just
piles in and it is heartwarming to say
because it's is such a good cause really
just say it makes a massive difference
in the mindset of stands out yeah
there's so many people doing things for
women and trying to help people as well
in his name yeah so many other people
watching this can you just explain how
they would make make a donation yeah
they can go on the just given website
which is www.hyken.com forward slash
pedal for Petroff or you can text Stan
91 plus your amount to 770
you